Add SIG operator team to governance doc (#4977)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/community/governance.md

- **The Loki project**: The sum of all activities performed under this governance, concerning one or more repositories or the community.

> - **The Loki Operator sub-project**: The sum of all activities performed under this governance, concerning the repository subfolder `operator` or the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **The Loki SIG (Special Interest Group) Operator**: The sum of all activities performed under this governance, concerning the repository subfolder `operator` or the community.
```

- Tom Braack - [sh0rez](https://github.com/sh0rez) ([Grafana Labs](https://grafana.com/))
- Tom Wilkie - [tomwilkie](https://github.com/tomwilkie) ([Grafana Labs](https://grafana.com/))

> The current SIG operator team members are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current Loki SIG Operator team members are:
```
